what's up what's up ladies and gentlemen
mine is excel even call me Reese
whatever you want to call me i'm here
today bringing me my inaugural my very
first video for the vws hub channel and
what this gameplay is going to be is
going to be vws legendaries tragic
absolutely destroying rai noobs team I
can't even say their team name think
it's like Vaz IV or something like that
some language I think it's from avatar
or something I couldn't tell you but
long story short I'm not going to talk
much about the gameplay because all that
gameplay is is eight people who are way
better than me at halo plan against each
other and instead of embarrassing myself
and saying they're trying to go over
their gameplay and try to critique it or
whatever telling them what they're doing
here I'm just going to ignore her
completely and you guys can just look at
it it could be eye candy for you will I
talk about the futures of vws and what
we're planning to do here so with the
height the ridiculous hype around halo 2
anniversary a lot of people are hoping
against hope that the competitive scene
blows up in halo which I feel like
inevitably it will and vws is really
hoping to be at the forefront of that
explosion be in the premier organization
and the way that it's getting set up
right now we have we definitely have a
chance to do that and I'm excited to be
part of the crew so let's talk about Who
I am my I guess job sort of a VW s is
mostly just gonna be this that's gonna
be personality on YouTube how my new
videos for you guys however many times a
week you want me to do really doesn't
matter to make some I'm great a talk to
myself for five to ten minutes at a time
and I do what I do it without being
recorded what I do why I'm record it
anyways right doesn't matter to me so I
can do as many videos as you guys want
as long as the legendary team keeps
putting out amazing game plays that I
can I could sit there and know you guys
can be distracted from how terrible I am
at this ah so anyways a part of life as
well as me doing this YouTube thing is
there's a whole team behind the scenes
they want to run on the websites and
getting everything set up we essentially
just want to be the I guess you could
say the optic yeah it's like the optic
of halo which is which is massive if you
don't know who optic is you should
probably out from that massive rocks
even sitting under for the last two and
a half years because we shot sounds like
a million subscribers or something and
700,000 followers something ridiculous
like that on Twitter I just crazy big
and they turned what they did was they
turn gaming into one hell of a
procession and that personally I'd be
okay with doing that I will be ok with
the sitting there playing some video
games and having people enjoy that
because I'd definitely be enjoying
myself or playing those video games
anyways here's the here's the deal with
what with what's gonna happen from from
my understanding at least with the with
what the hype around halo 2 has already
been submits an ounce fairly big
tournaments I think u GC events
announced like a ten-thousand-dollar
tournament already and that's just kind
of keep is going to be more and more I
cannot see that stop at any time soon so
with that we're going to have whatever
the team is at that point it's I would
say probably would be the same the same
roster but you never know with how
people are going to transition over to
say hello to could be completely
different could be you know three new
faces for new faces you never know I
wouldn't like to see that because I
don't really know those guys I love them
I look at though it's pretty you can see
the faces on the bws hub calm website
you want to check that out because it's
super pretty big shadow at the bar code
for making that because I enjoy it a lot
lots I want my picture up the men or my
picture up there any time you can any
time you can alright sorry guys my my
own ego and narcissism was get in the
way there but but but seriously i can
get my pictures please in things like i
want to show my mom that I've actually
done something with my life anyways
anyways back back back to back to the
important stuff that it's not the lack
of my face on the website up you guys I
mean I'm sure a lot of you guys are our
halo 4 fans that are watching these
right now personally it's not my
favorite Halo game but we're gonna have
to stick through the halo 4 game plays
after the RTS event is over after that
is over we most of his all halo 2 game
plays which are amazing they're super
pretty and I love watching them I love
talking over them and I know I know you
guys will love them too so I'm excited
to start putting those out there oh I
just drop my laptop on the floor that's
never good anyways I I know you guys
will like those it'll be mostly you know
like make when I make one a super good
at a low to he beats me a lot and free
throws at the but almost we make with
gameplay and then once I get my own
capture card I'll put on my own super
average game plays against against
sniper billy-bob 713 they get like a
double kill with with a shotgun you know
bottom green on lockout that's step of
my life you guys should check that out
after i'm gonna upload it you guys are
gonna love it you are going to love it
alright so i'm getting way off way off
your guys all right I'm via gameplay is
gonna be one down pretty soon here like
40 seconds at least I hope it is looks
like i can't i can't see it i have no
idea how long this game goes into
running fourth so I'm hoping I'm getting
near the end here and if not you guys
going to be left with the most fun
awkward silence or your lives of your
entire lives so I'm about to put to wrap
this thing up guys get used to seeing
more of me if you like me if you don't
like me um I mean just try it try it
like just like me I mean I don't know if
you want to appease or something I can
shake i'll change for you I promise I'll
change for you like but I want you to do
is love me man please just love me thank
you alright guys I don't have no I don't
have an outro so I'll just say this
piece I love you guys I'll see you next
time